what i notic is that there's like a
shame standing in the way of our
connection how right am I what am I
missing if
anything yeah uh I guess it's shame but
fear of um being laughed
at fear of having other people see me
cry I taught myself not to cry in this
coaching session we're going to dive
into how sometimes an emotion that we
don't want to feel is actually covering
up a much scarier emotion this session
was filmed in one of our public q&as
where people can raise a hand and be
coached by me I'm sure if you pay
attention you'll get a lot out of it um
so I have a lot of trouble
accessing the difficult emotions when I
want to yeah they come up when I don't
want them to when I'm out in public I'm
talking to somebody or or whatever and I
suppress crying and
um mostly crying yeah and then when I
when I try and sit with it it just
doesn't come
up but what's what's the problem with
that what what what do you want to
access your emotions
for to process the
um kind of the unresolved things
what unres feel feel the things that I
didn't have a chance to feel and to
process like things associated with my
my divorce and oh I see um childhood
trauma just you know various things like
that what
was what was the reason for the
divorce in her mind like if you were to
describe why she said she went for the
course if yeah if I was to like put it
into a a few words lack of connection um
yeah and for the way that it happened it
was just a big surprise for me and
um it's like she comes home one day with
a letter and reads it allowed to me and
doesn't let me respond and that was it
right hat it no chance for
save it ouch
yeah yeah so
um
to just to see what it's like what how
is it to connect with me right
now like are are how able are you to
connect with
me uh I I feel open to connecting with
you
um I feel like I I trust you I've been
listening to your podcast for a couple
years and I get a very good impression
for your your trustworthiness
and what I noticed is that there's like
a shame standing in the way of our
connection like there's somehow that
you're ashamed or something to that
effect what how how how right am I what
am I missing if
anything yeah uh
there's I guess it's shame but fear of
um being laughed
at
um fear of having other people see me
cry I taught myself not to
cry
yeah yeah so the one game that I can't
play up here ever is like to try to make
you cry but what what like that like
that never works and it doesn't work
internally with yourself either to try
to make yourself cry is the best way to
push away the tears yeah um but
what what I'm like I'm most interested
in is like what does it feel like to
actually just open your heart and
connect not just with me but say with
everybody on the
call even the non- trustworthy
ones yeah what made you smile right
there you like reliefed there was a
relief and there was a smile what
happened um just I'm looking at the
other faces and
um seeing the the
care that I don't often see
in other people around
what makes you not see
it
um
isolation really just I moved to a new
city
and have trouble meeting new people
don't I don't really know anybody here
so
yeah but like the care in these people
they're not in your city like you could
walk around like people care it's part
of people
yeah
uh so stay just stay with me and stay
with keeping your heart open to all
these
folks let's not rationalize anything for
a minute let's just feel like do you see
any do you see anybody loving you right
now even though you're a stranger on
Earth can you see how how much can you
notice that
yeah I see it yeah and if take a look at
one of those people don't walk away like
sit in that Sav it for a
minute and you don't even have to say
their name just see what it's like to
just say thank you to
them thank
you and again thank them but this time
thank them like as if you deserve the
love not
yeah thank
you thank you for being
here
yeah what happened to that fear and that
shame h e a little bit yeah
so pick another person real
quick that you can see loving you right
now and you find one yeah yeah and what
can you say to them that brings you even
closer to
connection your connection not theirs
they don't even know who you are they
don't even know that you're speaking to
them it doesn't really matter
I love you it's the only thing that
really comes up yeah it's something that
I often find myself wanting to say to
people yeah but I know it's not okay to
just go out and say that to
strangers I know I think I created this
entire organization so that I could say
that to strangers
it is that important to
me what happened wait where where' you
go like you you went back you went back
to yourself like you you were you were
finding this new place and you went
back what what made you go back I don't
know I just I guess I just shifted my
body do you want to be there or do you
want to be in that place where you saw
the love that you had for
everybody I no I do be yeah I do want to
be in that place
yeah so the only thing that's stopping
you is that the sensation of loving
people is [__]
intense yeah so see what it's like to do
that and just take some big deep breath
in while you're doing it like love all
these people love them up even the
person who's not paying attention to you
who's like doing some work over on the
side got right yeah like and and love
them just the way they are and breathe
don't forget to
breathe nobody gets to stop you from
doing this
and I got the last little piece for you
which is like now I want you to do that
with your
ex-wife even yeah there there it
is oh don't stop it that's just the love
I can feel I'm I feel it
there's a there's love but there's a lot
of anger yeah there [__]
is yeah what's the sound anger that I
didn't get to
yeah didn't get to express
yeah
so you want to express it for a couple
minutes
minutes Kinda Yeah by a show of hands
who actually can we just unmute
everybody and everybody who would love
to hear this anger come and who
understands that it's really just like a
a love that's moving the pipes out can
you just say yes so you just so that
Eric knows that
yes
it yes okay looks like you have some
support so the trick with anger is you
speak it you speak it in an angry tone
and you don't stop so it's like [__]
I what the [__] I dedicated my entire
[__] life to you and you show up one
day with a [__] letter are you
[__] kidding me [__] you I deserve
better than that we deserve better than
that that's what anger sounds like but
it doesn't stop and if you can't think
of something to say just [__] you [__]
you [__] you it works
too okay
yeah yeah God damn it why would you do
things this way if there was if there
was that much of a problem why wouldn't
you just come and tell me about it like
yeah why would you show up with a letter
and not allow me to respond to anything
not allow me to defend
myself refuse to go to
counseling why would you if there was
that much of a problem why wouldn't you
tell me about it like we used to do we
used to communicate instead you go and
talk to
some self described relationship coach
they didn't even ask to talk to me did
this behind my back without me even
[__] knowing that this was going on
what makes that okay and why would you
trust a relationship coach that doesn't
want to talk to half of the relationship
it's [__] [__] and God damn it we
dedicated 10 years of Our Lives to each
other
and this is how you treat me this is how
how could you just cut everything off in
an instant
and I suspect that you were having an
affair and you refused to come clean
about it but there's evidence there and
that's [__] and it's betrayal
and you and I made promises to each
other and
[__] you for for betraying the that
trust and
for for the for abandoning me and
treating me like
garbage yeah I hate everything
that
happened that that you did that could
have been prevented if you would have
just communicated with me if you just
talked to me
and we could have gone to counseling or
whatever yeah and if that didn't work
out then okay at least we tried instead
of making the decision for us
yeah great now look out at the people
again get back to that love for a
moment for
them now the shame is back what's what's
preventing the
love it's just a habit that's yeah yeah
ingrained
yeah
okay how do you love somebody who's
ashamed without becoming ashamed
I don't know I don't know the answer to
that question neither did your
ex oh I see you
now there's a 100 people on this call
who see a beautiful
man and there's one who sees something
to be ashamed of
yeah so one last thing again feel the
love you have for all those people that
that thing that you want to say all the
time that like you can't
say and tell me when you got it really
good in your
body okay yeah I want you to give that
to yourself
oh you can you can you can let that in I
saw you let it in and then you kind of
yeah
yeah you have a lot more anger in there
get like punching bag get a lot of that
anger out it's going to relieve so much
of the shame the intellectually the
shame is your anger turned inwards
and so if you let the anger out it's
going to dissipate the shame so the more
you let the anger out the more the shame
is going to
dissipate yeah yeah okay okay thanks Joe
pleasure